What is up guys and welcome back.
So in this video we are going to be adding some boast OK.
We basically want to add some bozo and then we're going to design our page because this is crucial to
say OK.
So what I have to do I have to just add a new post.
OK let's get the examples of the blog that how blog where it's basically.
So I'm going to go to a download blog dot com.
This is my favorite blog OK.
You can see this is how the blog post works.
OK.
We have this Apple made by our daily deals sort these things like this.
So they blog about IOS Android and something like that.
This is basically the technology blog.
OK.
And the next one is us.
Look.
There's a nine to five Mac
OK.
This is also the one I want to open up the new one
So let's have a look at this one.
You can see that this is a new blog and this is also the best blog ever.
They just get some iPhone hacks that how to install some tweaks using Cydia in everything.
OK.
So I basically used to read them how to downgrade from us eleven point two to eleven point one point
to an iPhone or iPad security research and everything that relays it.
OK.
So we are basically going to create a blog like this.
I'll try my best to just for a try creating a blog like this.
And I'm going to show you how the categories work how the dogs work and how everything's work.
So we're going to categorize them.
OK.
Let's go ahead and let's go to the dashboard right here.
I'm just going to close everything and we basically want to add some dogs or categories.
I'm going to go to the post right here and I'm going to go to the categories we're going to categorize
these boast.
OK.
I want to go to and first of all I'm going to change this category to be uncock from Uncategorized to
us.
OK.
We are basically creating a technology based blog.
And this should be us and I'm going to hit update OK or let's change this to Apple or just leave it
as Iowas.
OK.
Let's go to the back to categories.
OK we have our AOS and then let's create a new and that would be Android.
OK.
I want to enter this slog to be in the Y.D..
And the Piran category should be non elected and name categories.
I'm going to show you how these categories for it basically.
OK.
We also want to consider creating an iPhone.
And there should be iPhone and the Piran category should be iOS because iPhone comes in the U.S. So
I'm going to hit any new category.
There we go.
Iowa is the main category and iPhone is the sub category.
OK so we can also create the category to be Apple.
And this to be iPhone.
OK.
So I'm like this.
I want to create i mac.
OK.
And I wanted this to be IMAX and appear in category should be Iarbus.
I'm going to add new category so you can see how this is looking if I view this iOS category.
You can see this category is iOS and this is going to show the category of the page iOS blog.
OK you can see.
And this post is assigned to this because we have our Uncategorized posed as iOS.
That is why this post is designed to this.
I also want to create some tool here and that is going to be Samsung and this is going to be coming
up in
the Piran category off the Android.
OK I'm going to hit Abdeen category.
So we're going to create these posts with this.
The Android the Samsung the Iowa the Mac the phone.
So you can see this is how the category's is going to work.
And then we will post some boast about them then I'll show you how this basically works.
OK.
What I want to do right now I want to add some more.
OK I'll just pause it over to you right here.
I'll just add some more category and then I'll show you how this is going to work.
What is it.
Guys can walk mark so now you can see that I have added these categories right here we have windows
and the windows This is the main category.
We have a subcategory right here that is Dell and the Dell is.
We also have some more subcategories here LSD's computers laptops because Dell made these type of things
so I used delta-T I use Dell computer but I use the laptop of HP.
OK so I'm not marketing anything anyone right here.
I have the energy you are here and below here I have the LG HTC and Samsung.
And then I have the U.S. So I use MS.
My main category and then I have the Apple Bartsch iMac and iPhone.
I want to boast about it.
OK.
So let's go to.
And you want to add some boast about these categories simultaneously.
OK.
So first of all I want to add to the category of
the price because I like iPhones very much.
OK.
I want to click this and I also want to check this one.
If I if I want to blog about us then I will chat.
So like us if want to blog about iPhone and I also like the iPhone.
So I'm just blogging about the I O is like hey I'm going to hit.
Come here and I'm going to hate Apple is I oh as well.
OK.
You can see that I have added this post and here I want to add some paragraphs so you can basically
just added this with elements.
If you want to as well.
I'm going to show you how can you edit that elemental later on.
But first I'll be I'll be just writing a few normal blog posts.
I'm just going to click this so that this is right here and you can see that I can add some stuff here.
So first I want to add.
What is that.
So you can blog about this like OK I'm just going to come here I'm going to select it to be heading
1 and
what's the release date.
OK.
And here I want to add anything.
Apple is saying that OK I want to copy this right here.
Copy and paste it.
OK.
And then right here I just want to add I'm just
Let's come here.
Copy and paste.
OK there we go.
You can see that this is my blog post right here.
What I want to do right here.
I also want to assign a featured image.
So how this feature to me is just going to look I'm I'm just basically going to tell you in detail but
let's come here and let's hit publish right here OK.
You can see that this post should be published.
Let's go to and let's view this post.
So this is coming right here.
You can see this blog is coming and then this Saiz Apple releases iOS 12.
And this is in the category of for us.
So you might also like the hello world post which is also in the category of Iowa.
OK.
And it says What's the release date.
And I'm just kidding and everything.
So if I just open up this post you can see this is the same category slash AOS and this is the Iowas
category.
And this is pillories is iOS 12.
This is the author's name.
This is the date and this is the category we have.
So I'm just going to post one more thing.
OK.
I'm going to go to all post Ray here.
And let's basically add so many posts at once.
Okay.
Or just add one more right now I'm going to show you basically what I have to do.
I need to post about the Dell laptops.
Why you should not buy cell laptops OK.
I'm going to give here.
And I want to add some software here so I'm going to and who is saying that who is saying that by Dale
OK let's go ahead and do let's hit publish.
So now here you can see if I just open up my disposed it is right here and it why you should not buy
laptops.
So this is coming right here.
If I just open this up I can see that this is coming.
Read this category slash windows slash Dell slash laptops.
This is the category of that why you should not buy Dilip saab So this is how you can create it.
You can see that I have all post I have Dell I have those.
And then I have the laptops right here so this is how it's going to work.
This is the man that is coming.
So it is going to show all the categories that we have under the laptop so if I just add a new category
I just go to the post right here and then I want to add a new cat.
Did you post so that is going to be Dell really uses new core I seven a laptop.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to add some stuff right here.
I'm just kidding.
And I want to come here and I want to hit publish soon now.
OK.
I want to assign the categories.
Well so this is basically my basic category this high us that is where I want to come down.
I want to go to the
laptops.
Let's set a date.
And there we go you can see that the Post has been updated.
Dell really uses a new core iOS 7 laptop.
So we have laptops and you can see this is our test coming.
I have the main page.
Then it sees a Dell and then it sees the windows then it sees the laptops and then I say this.
So if I just choose a Dell you can see that in the dell tab it's going to show these categories because
the main and primary category is the Dell itself.
If I want to choose so many categories right here if I want to choose.
So let's suppose that I want to choose to tell as well.
OK.
And again the two categories are right here.
I want to update
and you can see Dell laptops both are selected.
So if you select only one it doesn't matter if you select two it doesn't matter.
But if you select one of the other category it is going to appear that in that category it's going to
associate that with or waterboarding.
What are the subcategories in that and how do you get a look.
So this is how it is working if I just CO-2 the categories right here.
OK.
And then I can also edit this whole category.
You can see it sees the description as well so if I want to add any of the description in the Android
tab I can also add the description.
OK.
If I just go to categories right here and in the dell tops.
OK so I want to come here I want to hit at a Dell category.
I can even add something to that well in this category.
We show the photos that are associated wed.
When
where the cell company.
OK.
I want to come here and I want to update.
And now we can see that this should be coming right here.
If I just go to and if I just come here to view this category.
Let's see if this this team shows this.
This team is not supporting this team is not showing me the Dell category.
I just give you the nose right here.
I can see nothing happened so you can see we have two categories right here.
We have Dell and we also have this laptop so we selected two categories.
That is why they coming.
So I don't think that categories and post Association is now very much easier for you and you can see
it is also coming under the categories we have the recent post as well.
So now what we're going to do basically we are going to just get a plug in and that plug in will be
getting some Demel content to our website because we don't have much time to add so many posts.
OK we will be getting a plug in and we will be installing that plug in and we will just add demo content
to say that we can manage this whole blog and we can work with it.
So in the next video we'll be doing that.
Goodbye.